Feat: Add virtual properties and rename table_properties to physical_properties (#2561)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/concepts/models/overview.md

### description
- Optional description of the model. Automatically registered as a table description/comment with the underlying SQL engine (if supported by the engine).

### physical_properties (previously table_properties)

> - A key-value of arbitrary table properties specific to the target engine applied on SQLMesh physical layer. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A key-value mapping of arbitrary table properties specific to the target engine applied on SQLMesh's physical layer. For example:
```

```sql linenums="1"
MODEL (
  ...,
  physical_properties (
    partition_expiration_days = 7,
    require_partition_filter = true
  )
);

```

### virtual_properties

> - A key-value of arbitrary table properties specific to the target engine applied on SQLMesh virtual layer. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A key-value mapping of arbitrary table properties specific to the target engine applied on SQLMesh's virtual layer. For example:
```
